README.md, before:

# AppleDataKW
This repository includes select Apple Health data for Code Ketucky Python project. 

While learning Python through the Code Kentucky program, I was tasked with creating a project to demonstrate my data analysis skills. I chose to export and analyze select data from my Apple Health app in hopes to discover trends. 

Version 1.0 - Date 6/15/2022

Hi 👋, I'm Kim Wolf - A life-long learner currently tackling Python through the Code Kentucky program.

🔭 I’m currently working on a project to analyze my health data, including Apple Watch stand hours, exercise time, heart rate, stand time, step count and walking heart rate average for the last three (3) years (time period June 1, 2019 through June 1, 2022).

🌱 I am currently learning Python.

💬 Ask me about my health goals - they are ever changing, but always striving to move the needle.

📫 How to reach me: kim41051@yahoo.com

👨‍💻 My current project is available in Github at https://github.com/KimBug29/AppleDataKW.git.

GENERAL USAGE NOTES
The INSERT INFO HERE is built using Python. 
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Project Plan for Final Project
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This Python project will TBD-INSERT INFO HERE and all work will be done by Kim Wolf. 
Version 1.0 - Date 6/15/2022
Version 1.0 is a TBD-INSERT INFO HERE with the following project requirements:
  1) Project is specifically named and uploaded in GitHub with a minimum of 5 separate commits
  2) Gitignore is included to keep any secrets/passwords out of the GitHub repository
  3) A README file with at least one paragraph explaining the project 

  TBD - Enter info here

  4) Relevant packages to be installed to run the project include:
     Visual Studio Code
     Python  v2022.8.0 - Python extension for Visual Studio Code
     Jupyter v2022.5.1001601848 - Jupyter extension for Visual Studio Code
     Pylint v2022.2.0 - Pylint extension for Visual Studio Code
     Python 3.10.2
  
  5) Data used within this project includes two export files(in csv format) of my health data, including Apple Watch stand hours, exercise time, heart rate, stand time, step count and walking heart rate average for the last three (3) years (time period June 1, 2019 through June 1, 2022). ExportDaysData.csv includes information by day and ExportMonthData.csv includes information by the month.

  Feature 1 - Read data in from a local csv file. 
       Data exported from Apple Health app, then saved and imported as .csv file
          TBD-INSERT INFO HERE - ie: Pandas
  7) Feature 2 - Manipulate and clean my data - use built-in pandas (or numpy) functions to clean data
  8) Feature 3 - Analyze my data - TBD-INSERT INFO HERE
  9) Feature 4 - Visualize my data - TBD-INSERT INFO HERE
  10) Feature 5 - Interpret my data and graphical output - TBD-INSERT INFO HERE

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact information regarding this analysis: 
  Developer: Kim Wolf
  Email: kim41051@yahoo.com

Copyright 2022 All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Edits made to add images and new data - also update README file

README.md, after:

# AppleDataKW
This repository includes Active Energy Burned for Kim Wolf. Data obtained from Apple Health for Code Kentucky Python project - July 2022. 

While learning Python through the Code Kentucky program, I was tasked with creating a project to demonstrate my data analysis skills. I chose to export and analyze select data from my Apple Health app in hopes to discover trends. 

Version 1.0 - Date 6/21/2022

Hi 👋, I'm Kim Wolf - A life-long learner currently tackling Python through the Code Kentucky program.

🔭 I’m currently working on a project to analyze my health data, including Apple Watch stand hours, exercise time, heart rate, stand time, step count and walking heart rate average for the last two (2) years (time period June 1, 2020 through June 1, 2022).

🌱 I am currently learning Python.

💬 Ask me about my health goals - they are ever changing, but always striving to move the needle.

📫 How to reach me: kim41051@yahoo.com

👨‍💻 My current project is available in Github at https://github.com/KimBug29/AppleDataKW.git.

GENERAL USAGE NOTES
-INSERT INFO HERE-
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Project Plan for Final Python Project due July 2022
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The objective of this Python project is to obtain Apple health data for a two year time period and import as a csv file. Several tools will then be used to analyze the data for displaying graphs including: minimum, median and maximum stats. All work will be done by Kim Wolf. 
Version 1.0 - Date 6/21/2022
Version 1.0 is a data analysis of health information with the following project requirements:
  1) Project is specifically named and uploaded in GitHub with a minimum of 5 separate commits
  2) Gitignore is included to keep any secrets/passwords out of the GitHub repository
  3) A README file with at least one paragraph explaining the project 
  4) Relevant packages to be installed to run the project include:
     Visual Studio Code
     Python  v2022.8.0 - Python extension for Visual Studio Code
     Jupyter v2022.5.1001601848 - Jupyter extension for Visual Studio Code
     Pylint v2022.2.0 - Pylint extension for Visual Studio Code
     Python 3.10.2
     Anaconda with Jupyter Notebooks  
  5) Data used within this project includes one export file(in csv format) of my health data, including Apple Watch stand hours, exercise time, heart rate, stand time, step count and walking heart rate average for the last two (2) years (time period June 1, 2020 through June 1, 2022). File name: Export_ActiveEnergyBurned.csv

  Feature 1 - Read data in from a local csv file. 
       Data exported from Apple Health app, then saved and imported as .csv file
          File imported using Pandas
  Feature 2 - Manipulate and clean my data - use custom functions to round all data to whole numbers of either minutes, hours or count
  Feature 3 - Analyze my data - Perform 5 basic calculations with Pandas (or possibly custom functions) to find min, med and max and count/minutes of active energy burned - calories, Apple watch stand hours, basal energy burned - calories, exercise time, flights of stairs - count, heart rate - count/min, resting heart rate - count/min, step count, walking heart rate avg - count/min.
  Feature 4 - Visualize my data - Make a minimum of 2 basic plots with matplotlib to provide a visual representation of the data
  10) Feature 5 - Interpret my data and graphical output by using markdown cells in Jupyter Notebook.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contact information regarding this analysis: 
  Developer: Kim Wolf
  Email: kim41051@yahoo.com

Copyright 2022 All rights reserved.
